DOCSP-40409 fixed the the error in app services docs (#775)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/reference/config/v20210101/auth.txt

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. meta:: 

>   :description: Enable and configure authentication providers in your Atlas App for v20210101

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Enable and configure authentication providers in your Atlas App Services App using the deprecated Realm CLI.
```
